I'm raising five kids,
and I didn't miss last week.
What's your excuse?
Carl!
My son is in jail,
and it is your fault.
I told them it was Carl,
and I told Chuckie
to tell them it was Carl.
Pack your shit and get out.
I hope they throw
the book at Carl.
MPs.
They're coming.
They're coming to get me.
We got to get you to a fucking
clinic to get some meds.
How long do I need
to take these for?
30, 40 years.
And you're interested in
critical theory?
- Absolutely.
- Come to my office later,
and I'll decide whether or not
you can take my class.
- Sweetheart?
- That's my husband.
- Who's this?
- This is Lip.
Hungry?
How would you like your omelet?
I don't want you as my friend.
I want you as my boyfriend.
Look at me!
I'm nice, funny, smart,
and I'd fuck up anyone
that hurts you.
We start up
the ice cream truck again.
Except this time
without the truck.
- You okay?
- Yeah. Just sad.
Can you, uh, be sad and roll
joints at the same time?
I hate that I hurt you,
and I want to make it right.
I need to get out.
Think a little.
- I need a drink.
- What's the occasion?
- Cancer.
- Every day is an opportunity
- you don't get back.
- Best two days of my life.
- Thanks to you.
- Nicole's moving to Pittsburgh.
- What about Will?
- He's going with her.
- You don't get a say?
- According to the state
of Illinois.
- Your P.O. say something?
- Travel restrictions.
- For Pittsburgh?
- Can't leave.
[rock music]
♪ ♪
♪ Think of all the luck
you got ♪
♪ Know that
it's not for naught ♪
♪ You were beaming once before ♪
♪ But it's not like that
anymore ♪
♪ What is this downside ♪
♪ That you speak of? ♪
♪ What is this feeling ♪
♪ You're so sure of? ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Round up the friends you got ♪
♪ Know that
they're not for naught ♪
♪ You were willing once before ♪
♪ But it's not like that
anymore ♪
♪ What is this downside ♪
♪ That you speak of? ♪
♪ What is this feeling ♪
♪ You're so sure of? ♪
[rapping] 12 gauge on my waist
'bout to waste your cousin
Fade away in the fog
you a memory dog.
[continues rapping in distance]
It's not working.
Sorry, man.
- Fucking meds.
- Yeah.
It could also be the toddler
staring at us from the corner
or the jacked-up teenage girl
down the hall.
Whatever.
Try again later, man.
All right,
breakfast of champs.
We got your mood stabilizer,
anti-psychotic,
anti-depressant.
Gatorade.
- Fucking nurse now?
- Shut the fuck up.
Take the pills, bitch.
Hey, no caffeine.
On your meds.
Hey.
How are you feeling?
- Not feeling.
- That's an improvement.
At least you're not swinging
baseball bats at my head.
Stinks in here.
Yeah, that's 'cause
the milk went bad.
Nobody put it away?
That milk is part
of the Gallagher household,
of which I am no longer
a member,
and therefore not responsible.
Then why
are you still here?
Apartment listings.
Calling around today.
What's up with
the water faucet?
Guess nobody paid
the water bill.
But I took a shower
this morning.
Lucky you.
They must have just shut it off.
Nobody made breakfast?
What's it look like?
What about groceries?
When is the last time
anyone went shopping?
Who melted my spatula?
That's fine.
Don't claim responsibility.
For anything.
- That's the Gallagher way.
- Fuck.
- I'm not eating that.
- Eat it.
Take all those pills
on an empty stomach
and you're going to have
diarrhea real bad.
I gotta poop.
Oh. So how do you like
your crepes?
Savory or sweet?
Uh, no, you know,
I'm still pretty stuffed
from last night's dinner,
so I'm okay.
It's no trouble.
I love to cook.
Because I'm good at it.
We generally enjoy doing the
things we're skilled at, right?
- Uh, right.
- So, the new boy, huh?
[chuckles]
You do look like
a Schiele portrait.
- Good morning, Dr. Wallace.
- Good morning, love.
- Tea?
- Please.
You're not eating?
- No, no, not really hungry.
- Theo makes a mean crepe.
- Yeah, I gotta go
to the library anyway, so...
- This must be strange for you.
- A little bit, yeah.
It's, uh,
it's a little strange.
What can we do
to make it more comfortable?
I'm not sure.
- You have questions?
- No, uh, no, no, not really.
Boundaries that you feel
warrant discussion?
No, uh, nothing I can
think of.
Okay,
Just let us know.
Sure.
And I'll be
in my office this afternoon
if you'd like to stop by.
On a Saturday?
You have some
catching up to do.
Let's start with
Foucault's discursive regime,
and we'll go from there.
Okay.
Uh, it was nice
seeing you again, Dr. Wallace.
[humming]
[tea kettle whistles]
[clatter]
[kettle stops whistling]
Oh, ho-ho-ho.
- Oh, I taste throw up.
- Yeah.
You puked.
About 3:00 A.M.
For a gal who's never been
drunk or high before,
you went at it hard.
Here. Peas for the noggin,
aspirin for the muscles,
honey-lemon for the tummy.
A little touch or bourbon.
Hair of the dog.
Did we have sex?
Oh! No.
I slept on the floor.
I wanted to make you breakfast.
All I could find was old
Chinese food
and three jars of
peanut butter.
Yeah. I eat it off a spoon
for dinner.
Well, no wonder
you got cancer.
Come on.
Let's go grab a bite.
I know this divey joint
that serves military-style
shit-on-a-shingle--
the greatest hangover remedy
known to man.
- Cream chipped beef--
- Stop. Out.
- Yes. Let's go.
- You. Now.
What? Why?
Don't be ashamed.
You are downright luminous.
- You need to go.
- Oh, come on.
We had a blast.
Didn't we?
You're my favorite
dying person I've ever met.
Please.
Our chemistry
is off the charts.
Don't try to deny it.
Okay.
Thank you for yesterday.
- Hold on.
- Good-bye.
- No, no, come on.
We're just getting--
Hey, come on.
You know what I'm talking about.
Wait, just a--
God damn it.
[mellow rock playing]
♪ ♪
♪ Your hands now feel empty ♪
♪ As you're staring
at the clock ♪
♪ Missing all the verbs
and nouns ♪
♪ While holding your own glock ♪
♪ Missing all the wisdom ♪
♪ Missing all the lies ♪
♪ Confused on everywhere
to stand ♪
♪ Your breath becomes a sigh ♪
♪ It's days like this
that rain ♪
♪ Upon the old lake dock ♪
[phone rings]
♪ Wash away the memories
buried deep down in fog ♪
Hey. I was just thinking
about you.
Fun sexy stuff
or mean hurty stuff?
Uh, neither.
- Where are you?
- I'm at your place.
Watering your plants.
- Not smelling your shirt.
- [chuckles]
- Which one?
- Pere Ubu?
[chuckles]
Wha...say it again?
Fuck off.
It's nice to hear
your voice.
Yeah, you too.
How are you doing?
In general or, like,
about us?
Us.
Confused.
A little. You?
Same.
Where are you?
A rest stop somewhere
in Ass-butt USA.
Nice.
I got a gig at
a little college tonight.
- Should be fun.
- Cool.
[horn honking]
Oh, shit.
Hey, the van's taking off.
So you want to talk later?
We could Skype if you want.
Yeah, I get in the dorms
like 4:30 or 5:00, try you then?
Okay.
I'll wear something nice.
Nice like...
hot nice?
Sure.
You want to have Skype sex?
[chuckles]
Yeah, I guess.
Could be fun.
Could be hot.
All right, look,
I gotta run.
All right?
We'll talk later.
Bye.
You're so damn adorable.
So are you.
The adorable-est.
And you're an adora-babe.
I made you this.
It's from the parking lot
of the supermarket
where you saved me
from getting my butt kicked.
I used nail polish
instead of paint.
- I want you.
- You have me.
- No, I want to have sex
with you.
Oh.
[chuckles]
- Really?
- Yeah.
Wow.
That's awesome.
- Are you sure?
- Totally.
Because the last time
I did it,
things got confusing.
I'm not confused.
Are you?
No. I'm happy.
- When?
- Tonight.
Okay. Where?
Wherever you want.
Except my house.
My parents don't let me
have girls in my room.
We can do it at my house.
Nobody cares what I do.
- What time?
- After dinner.
Come eat with us.
We're doing barbecue.
- Okay.
- Cool.
Cool.
[baby crying]
[knocking]
(man)
Can you turn
that crappy music down
and tell those fucking
babies to shut up?
Hey, watch your
mouth, college boy.
I got babies here.
[phone ringing]
Just one little bite.
Come on.
Hello?
One of my breast pumpers'
boobies dried up,
so we'll be tight on funds
until I find a replacement.
Okay, well, you know what?
I hooked up with some
cheap-ass herb the other day,
so I'll try to move it quick.
Oh, and Gemma,
I don't know,
but she had a little
sniffle earlier.
I think she's sick.
Can you, uh, use the
nasal aspirator on her
before she goes
to bed tonight?
Will do.
(man)
Dude, I gotta study!
Oh, it sounds like
you have your hands full.
Yeah, kinda.
I gotta go.
- Okay.
- All right, talk soon.
[knocking]
Come on, bro.
I was up all night, man.
They slept horribly
too, you know?
The guy next door screams like a
Polish grandma when he comes.
Why'd you bring 'em here?
Where else am I
supposed to bring 'em?
I live here, bro.
It's only one night a week.
- Are you even a student?
- Not exactly.
I'm more like a refugee
who sells weed.
Drug dealers don't get
to live on campus.
Oh, yeah?
Where does it say that?
Hey, Charlie Brown,
go fuck yourself.
Linus is the one
with the blanket.
Well, they both
can suck dicks.
They're talking about
turning your ass in.
Oh, are they now?
Okay.
Okay, I'll just pack
my shit and go.
Yeah.
But wait a minute.
What am I supposed to do
with all these dime bags
that I was gonna sell
for half price
for the next
ten minutes?
(woman)
Cheap weed!
(man)
Cheap weed, down here!
(woman)
Whoo!
(man)
Five bucks for a dime bag?
- I want some.
- Thin walls.
(man)
Here you go.
No, no, no.
No weapons in juvie.
Pop Rocks and Fire Ants.
Figure Carl could use
them for self defense.
- Is that a thing?
- Who knows?
I want to go to
Planned Parenthood today.
I need you to come with.
For the pill?
Well, I thought that messed
with your training.
It's whatever.
Are you and Derek
having sex?
Not yet.
Well, why rush?
I mean, it's been what,
- a few weeks.
- I want to.
It's my body,
it's my decision.
Debs.
I've been dating him longer
than you even knew Gus
before you got married.
- I'll make an appointment.
- Thanks.
Oh, FYI, water
got shut off.
You should probably
pay the bill.
[ambient noise distorted]
[phone ringing]
[muffled noise]
Fuck!
You okay, man?
Yeah, yeah.
Damn.
Take this.
How'd that happen?
Yo, you need me to get
you the first aid kit?
Why are women such
capricious devils?
Is it simple biology?
They get emotional whiplash from
all the hairpin hormonal turns?
- Harder, baby, yeah.
- Okay, okay, okay, yeah.
Or are they just trying
so hard to "lean in"
and "have it all"
they lose sight of
their own humanity?
- Right there.
- Okay.
Yeah. Yeah.
Or, fuck.
what if evolutionarily
they're programmed
to hold onto the past in order
to educate their offspring
about the perils
of going out--
Jesus!
Don't. Wait, wait.
You stopping?
Yes, Captain Perceptive.
I bought you
a boilermaker.
You'd have to buy me ten
to suffer through that.
You gotta help me to get
this woman out of my system.
Go stick your dick
in an ice cream cake
and nurture your
inner child.
I'm not your
fucking therapist.
Trust a woman
to do a man's job.
Water got shut off.
We gotta use your bathroom.
I paid the fucking bill
but it takes two days for
them to turn it back on.
You look pretty.
Having Skype sex
with Gus later.
This distance
thing is bullshit.
You're telling me.
This is the longest I've gone
without seeing Kev
since I met him.
About to burst
into flames.
You guys talk
about anything yet?
Sure.
"How was Gemma's
tummy time?"
"When did Amy's
hiccups stop?"
You stuff, I mean.
Like, what you both want.
From each other.
I want the old Kev back.
The one who looked at me like
the world stopped spinning.
He's there.
He's just preoccupied.
Okay, ladies,
listen up.
- I need help.
- That's my cue.
Let's go.
Poop time!
This woman is just
tearing me up.
I just can't shake her.
Why are you
a country song?
I treated her with respect
and she shat me out
like yesterday's cheese steak.
The only thing you ever
treated with respect
had a label and the word
"proof" on it.
(V)
Wait.
This that doctor
from the other day?
Maybe.
What's the scam?
What kind of a man
do you think I am?
There's always a scam,
Frank.
All right, yes.
I'm very good
at sticking it
to the man,
but this woman...
I don't want to stick
anything to her.
Except myself,
but she won't let me.
Why would anybody
want to be with you?
Well, why wouldn't they?
Chlamydia and herpes
for starts.
Poor hygiene, alcoholism,
lack of a moral compass.
Fine. But my good qualities
vastly outweigh my bad ones.
Name one.
How about, uh, a lust for
adventure, a bottomless libido?
- Jesus.
- I show up with drugs,
companionship,
pro-bono sex.
What more could
a dying woman want?
This is for real?
How the hell
should I know?
Make it like the world stops
spinning when you look at her.
I tried that.
It didn't work.
What else you got?
Well, thanks, people.
Hmm.
You were a big fucking help.
[people giggling in hallway]
Hey.
What the hell's
going on out there?
Yeah, I don't know.
Saturday, I guess.
Look at you all
studious in here.
- Get your tuition sorted?
- Yeah.
I'm on all rosters and
fully matriculated.
How'd you pull that off?
Deus ex machina,
as they say.
Hmm.
And how's the lovely
Ms. Muff Bulldagger.
- Fiery and full of lust.
- Yeah?
Like a coked-up
Amish teenager.
- Oh, that sounds exhausting.
- Oh, you have no idea.
I'm thinking of going
strictly dickly for a while.
You free later?
No, actually, uh,
I got this thing.
Um, a school thing
or a sex thing?
Um, uh, both.
Meaning?
I-I kinda got this situation
with one of my professors.
Uh-oh.
Which class?
It's Crit Theory.
- Professor Wallace.
- Yeah, yeah.
Her and her hubby, they have
this, uh, agreement, you know?
- They're--they're evolved.
- Wait, her husband?
Yeah, yeah.
It's actually--it's kinda great.
So you're having a
relationship
- with a married woman?
- No, no, no, no.
It's--it's not
a relationship.
We just--we hang out.
Uh, she shows me
art and stuff.
Hmm, are you
falling for her?
No. No, I'm just
having fun.
Well, then ditch her
and come play naked
Go Fish with me.
I would, um,
just I got all this--
all this shit to do.
No prob.
I'll see you around.
Okay.
Oh, PS I need my car back
at some point.
[screaming in hallway]
(man)
[groaning]
Oh, God.
I'm trippin' out, man.
Hey, are you okay, man?
I love God...
And icebergs.
What--what the fuck's
wrong with him?
It's that trip-weed
your friend sold us.
It wasn't normal shit.
It was synthetic marijuana,
dildo.
Laced with all sort of crap.
It makes you lose your mind.
Oh, God.
What happened
to your hand?
- Uh, burned myself.
- Hold on.
- That's our lamp.
- It's ugly and no one uses it.
Come here.
Come on.
I'm not gonna bite.
Did you run it
under cool water?
No.
Well, then you are shit
out of luck in this house.
No water.
Ooh.
Gonna have a nice,
fat scar.
It'll match the one
I got in the army.
How'd you get that one?
I tried to hotwire
a helicopter.
Burned myself
on the starter.
[chuckles]
You can hotwire a helicopter?
Not very good,
apparently.
Got caught trying to steal
government property
and that's why the
MPs are after me.
Well, that and
going AWOL.
And enlisting under
a false identity.
And maybe other stuff.
Wow.
Pretty hardcore.
No, just
mentally ill.
God, this place
brings back memories.
You've been here before?
Monica brought me here
when I needed to go on the pill.
She was completely strung out
on E.
She offered to give my doctor
a blowjob.
- A female doctor.
- How is that possible?
Well, obviously she didn't
get very far.
Doctor was pretty butch.
Honest mistake.
Everything looks good.
I'm gonna set you up
on some starter pills.
Great.
Thanks.
Now hold up a second
'cause this is no joke.
These don't begin to work
for 48 hours.
So if you plan to have
intercourse before then,
you must use
alternate protection.
Okay.
I'll get those pills.
Really?
They're free.
Yo.
- Jesus.
- Fucking amazing.
What the fuck is wrong
with these kids?
The fucking weed
you sold them.
Some shit called spice.
(Kevin)
That was spice?
Oh, no wonder
I got a discount.
This shit can last
for hours, all right?
We need to keep everybody
in the room,
lock the door,
just wait it out.
Can you go sweep the hall,
check for any stragglers?
Yeah, I got it.
All right, find any
unopened bags, toss them.
If you have any left,
get rid of it, all right?
Yeah.
Aye-aye, captain.
That's gotta be
a metaphor for something.
This was the only straggler.
I think he's trying to find
a portal.
All right, just close the door
and lock it, yeah?
(Joaquin)
I am made of fire.
Look, if we call 911,
we could go to jail.
I mean,
we could both go to jail.
Why? We didn't force them
to do anything.
A tiny floating sun.
They're grown-ups
who made grown-up decisions.
No, most of these kids
are minors.
(Joaquin)
Swirling ball of hot gases.
I can fly!
Hey!
(man)
What the fuck?
(Joaquin)
Oh, shit!
I think I broke
my rhinoceros!
[laughs]
(Frank)
God damn it!
The one day all year
I gotta shower, the water's off.
Give me your deodorant.
- Ran out.
- Well, of course you did.
Why would anyone in this house
make things easy on me?
It's no substitute
for cleanliness,
but this will have
to do.
I may have to scrub my junk
at the Citgo.
Wish me luck.
Good luck scrubbing
your junk.
Not with my junk.
L'Amour.
You're a dumbass,
you know that?
Hey.
I didn't know which Bs to get,
so I just got all
the fucking Bs.
I got B-complex,
super B-complex, B-12, B-6.
Whoa.
The hell happened
to your hand?
Hey.
What are you doing?
We're going out.
Did a doctor take care
of that?
Come on, Mickey.
You can't go anywhere unless
you get that looked at, man.
- Come on.
- Okay, listen.
Either you can stay here
and jerk off into your vitamins
or you can come with me.
It's your call.
[beeping]
(Elizabeth)
Yes?
Frank Gallagher.
Jesus.
Hey.
Hey!
You must be
the homeless guy.
I have a home.
Intermittently.
Who the hell are you?
Bianca's sister.
Party's over, asshole.
Go crawl back to your mattress
beneath the overpass
and leave
the sick girl alone.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
You have no idea
who you're dealing with,
lady.
I am indefatigable.
I take "yes" for an answer.
I am tough as a buzzard.
Just you watch me!
Motherfuck!
Open your fucking window!
Open the window!
I can't offer you much,
but what I can do is--
is be your chauffeur
on the limousine ride
to the pearly gates.
My what?
I know how it feels to live like
you're gonna die tomorrow.
I've been there.
I make each day
feel like a wild ride
through the heart
of the rapids at midnight.
If you want to squeeze
every last drop of gratification
out of this world
before you croak,
I'm your man.
- Frank, I'm--
- Stick with me, woman,
and you will not go gentle
into that good night.
(Elizabeth)
Bianca?
Come on.
Oh, great.
Cock-blocking Laura Bush.
Fine!
[grunts]
You see this bottle of vodka?
I'm gonna sit over there
and I'm gonna sip it.
If you don't join me
by the time I'm done,
consider my offer revoked.
Hi.
- What time is it?
- Just after 5:00.
Okay, listen.
I know that you're not
- being intentionally rude--
- Well, this is an emergency.
Can you get your husband,
please?
What's the matter?
[Joaquin screaming]
- Hey, hey.
- [groaning]
Come on.
Easy.
Jesus.
What happened?
Hey, it's me.
The house is quiet.
Computer's on.
I'm wearing
my lacy green thong.
Hit me back.
[phone line trills]
Hey, don't you have anything
better to do with your time?
I'm supposed to be having
hot Skype sex
with my husband,
but he's M.I.A.
(Sean)
Tragic. What else?
(Fiona)
I cleaned the house,
which was in shambles
because that bitch
that claims to be
my older sister
has been boycotting
her domestic duties.
Oh, and I had to take Debbie to
get fucking birth control today.
Holy shit.
I'm glad I have a son.
(Fiona)
How's he doing?
(Sean)
His mom called.
Um, wanted to pick him up early.
Found an earlier flight.
He's just packing up
some of the crap
I keep around here
for him, you know?
Toys and stuff.
Oh, no.
When is she coming?
(Sean)
In like 15 minutes.
I had to step outside
just to keep--
just to keep
my shit together.
Do you want me
to come over?
No, I'm good.
- You don't sound it.
- Yeah.
Well, I don't have a choice.
Hey, you know what,
I gotta go.
- [grunts]
- Where is he?
- Who?
Your husband, the doctor.
That's why you brought
this boy here?
Yeah, yeah.
I thought he could help.
He's a doctor of theology,
not medicine.
Fuck!
Well, what were you
doing in there?
I called 911.
Hang tight, honey, okay?
They're sending an ambulance.
Come here, come here,
come here, come here.
- Why did you do that?
- What did you expect me to do?
He's on drugs, okay?
He could get
kicked out of school,
and my friend
who sold him the drugs,
he's staying illegally
in the dorms.
He could go to jail,
all right?
- He's got three kids.
- This boy is suffering.
He needs help,
regardless of the consequences.
No, no, no.
I gotta cover their asses.
Why?
- South Side rules.
- You know what?
Drop the whole "noble thug"
shtick.
You're covering your own ass
and you know it.
You--you have a choice
right now.
To recognize that you are a
promising young college student,
not some ghetto outlaw.
You stop behaving like
the world is out to get you
when it is so clearly
dropping gifts at your feet.
Or you keep doing what
you're doing
and you end up in a cell
somewhere angry
and out of options.
No one at the K-Mart
knows about my baloney.
(Helene)
You know what?
Go back to your dorm.
If the paramedics ask
any questions,
I'll say I walked out
and he was just here.
Just help me move him.
- Are you sure?
- Come on.
Okay, you have any
neck or back pain?
- Come on, Joaquin.
- All right, give me your hand.
- Come on.
- Okay, come on.
♪ One two three four ♪
♪ Take me to your leader ♪
[new wave rock music]
♪ Five six seven eight ♪
♪ Who the fuck's
running state? ♪
They're gonna
feel weird at first.
You're not gonna be able
to tie your shoes,
put on jewelry,
type on the computer,
but you'll get used to it.
Coins are the worst.
Try it.
Damn, Derek,
your girl is quick.
She's a straight-A student
too.
Is that right?
- I like school.
- Me too.
Well, I used to anyways.
I had to drop out
'cause of Miles.
Ever wish
you could go back?
Nah.
That little munchkin is
the light of my life.
And this family.
When Jake went into the army,
they took me in
and loved me like their own.
But you're not
Derek's sister?
I call her that
'cause she's like a sister.
But Jake's my actual bro.
I don't get along
with my family.
My dad's in prison.
My mom's a drunk.
I wanted so bad to belong
to something warm and whole,
like these guys.
Nine months later, bam.
I was in.
So you chose
your own family.
Kind of.
Though I like to think
that Miles chose all of us.
Hey, give me the bag.
Jesus, haven't been here
since that time we banged.
Let's do some pull-ups.
Your hand, man.
[somber rock music]
♪ Tender we fall ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Fight in water ♪
I'm out of shape.
♪ Want it, want it ♪
♪ Basic instinct ♪
- Shotgun.
- No, no.
Look, you're not supposed
to drink on lithium.
It makes your blood
fucking toxic,
and it gets you hammered
in like two seconds flat.
You can't--
Ow!
What the fuck, Ian?
I'm sick of your whiny,
pussy crap.
I don't need
a fucking caretaker, all right?
I need the shit-talking
bitch-slapping
piece of South Side trash
I fell for.
Where is he?
- The fuck is he, Mickey?
- Fuck you.
Fuck me for giving a shit,
you prick.
Give all the shits you want,
but the next time my dick
is limp from all the meds,
don't go all, "Oh, it's okay,
wah wah."
Just suck it harder,
you faggot.
Fuck you!
♪ I'm tired, I don't want ♪
♪ I'm tired,
I don't want it ♪
♪ I'm tired, I don't want it ♪
♪ I'm tired,
I don't want it ♪
You fucking dick!
[grunts]
[both coughing]
[somber pop music]
♪ Coming up for air ♪
♪ Coming up for air air ♪
[belches]
♪ Coming up for air ♪
[both laughing]
♪ Coming up for air air ♪
♪ Coming up for air ♪
That was the first time
I've felt anything since, uh...
♪ Coming up for air air ♪
You look like
a fucking wet rat.
♪ Coming up for ♪
♪ Coming up for air air air ♪
[indiscernible whispers]
(man)
♪ Air air air air air ♪
♪ ♪
Here we go.
I'm gonna throw it
in the trunk.
Fiona, right?
Hey.
You are so great
to help Sean through this.
(Fiona)
Of course.
We're--we're buddies.
I really hate doing this
to them, but I need the job.
It's got benefits
and paid vacations.
Okay, punk.
Say good-bye to Daddy.
I love you.
It's only like three months,
all right?
[phone ringing]
(Sean)
Won't be too bad.
[ringing stops]
Watch your fingers.
- Take good care of him, huh?
- Okay.
[engine turns]
Not the first place
I would have hit
for a booze-free night.
Why not?
Great jukebox, surly bartenders,
cork dartboard.
It's nirvana.
Drink your coke.
How you doing?
- You keep asking me that.
- You keep not answering.
I've said I'm fine.
A lot.
- I don't believe you.
- You don't have to believe me.
It's not your job.
It doesn't have to be
my job.
You make it your job,
though.
It's what you do.
You mean with my family?
Yeah, with everyone.
Your family,
Jackie, your husband
kinda-not-really or whatever.
'Cause I give a shit.
'Cause when you focus on
other people's problems it's
a lot easier to ignore your own.
What's that
supposed to mean?
Nothing.
Just--just some N.A. bullshit.
I'm here because I like you,
asshole.
You know, it's as if
no one's ever said "no" to you,
and you can't stand it.
Now, you wait until
your target's vulnerable,
- then you pounce.
- What are you talking about?
Tell me what
you're here for, Fiona.
- I just did.
- Right.
You're worried.
It has nothing to do
with the fact
that I wouldn't fuck you
months ago?
Okay, if you're in
a shitty place
and you feel like
you gotta lash out, I get that,
but I am not the enemy here,
so back the fuck off.
(man)
You heard the lady.
She don't want
to go home with you.
Mind your business,
dumbass.
You just call me
a dumbass?
Bartender, can you serve
this melonhead some IQ points?
- Sean.
- What?
You got a real mouth
on you, pal.
Yeah, most humans
with a face do.
Why don't you go on back
and keep banging your buddy?
I'm busy.
Oh! Shit.
Okay.
Okay. Hey.
Hey!
- God!
- Fuck. Stop.
Stop.
Come on.
Hey, stop.
Stop it!
Hey.
Stop. Stop.
- Stop.
- [groaning]
- You okay?
- [laughing]
- Ow.
- This is funny?
No.
Oh, fuck, he got me good.
You wanted to get
your ass kicked?
[groans]
Yeah.
Yeah. God.
Just get out of here.
[groans]
(man)
Fuck off, asshole.
Get out of here.
Shit.
Fuck.
Jesus Christ.
Took long enough.
Are we good?
No cops?
- No. No, not yet.
- Bullet dodged.
Man, that shit
was fucking crazy.
How's the sun god?
I don't know.
I'm gonna go check on him later.
Hey, listen, man,
there's something--
No, I know what
you're gonna say.
And I got it,
from now on, clean bud only.
I'm gonna do
quality control myself.
Yeah, no, no.
It's just--
you know, I got
my tuition covered now.
- That's awesome.
- Yeah, yeah.
So, you know, I-I don't really
need this extra income.
So, what?
I can keep your cut?
Fucking awesome, man.
You know, it's so cool of you
to let me crash here
when you ain't
getting nothing out of it.
That's--that's actually
what I wanted to talk
to you about.
Oh, shit, what?
You're kicking me out?
Kinda.
For good?
Come on, man.
It was a minor mistake, okay?
- It won't happen again.
- I know, I know.
And I'm--I'm sorry.
Dude, you asked me to come
out here and sell drugs.
- I was doing my job.
- Look, this place
is actually starting
to mean something to me.
- Good!
- Okay, and I--
I don't want to
screw that up.
Well, can I just
crash here and not sell weed?
What are you gonna do?
You just gonna keep boning coeds
until, you know,
somebody reports us?
I don't have
to bone anyone.
But, you know,
people like me here.
I can be everybody's big bro.
They can come to me
for real world advice.
Like, uh, gangster shit.
Crabs.
- I got nowhere else to go.
- Go home.
You can hang with your kids.
You can make up with your wife.
It's time.
(Elizabeth)
I do.
I don't know how you can be
so selfish.
Elizabeth, don't.
Just don't leave.
You're not gonna.
- So selfish.
- Oh, come on.
(Bianca)
How can you say I'm--
[Elizabeth sobs]
(Bianca)
Call me, okay?
(Frank)
What'd you do to her?
[chuckles]
I told her I wasn't
interested in chemo...
over and over.
And over.
[sighs]
Oh, I've literally never been
this tired in my life.
It's not body-tired.
It's like a psychic exhaustion.
Like I'm carrying the weight
of this bloated irony.
"Woman dedicates practice
to saving lives.
Can't save her own."
That is a cosmic
"fuck you."
My family keeps telling me
to fight.
Stay strong.
Be brave.
It's all battle language.
I've seen what chemo
does to a body.
It's not a battle.
That's a lost cause.
But truthfully,
I am fighting.
For my goddamn dignity.
Why can't they see that?
For whatever it's worth,
I think you're pretty brave.
[chuckles]
You don't know me.
At all.
I know.
I have a shelf life.
I am aware.
Then why are you
doing this?
- I'm not exactly sure.
- [chuckles]
But I will never, ever
ask you to do chemo.
Ugh!
Okay.
What about
"Think healing thoughts"?
Nope.
Or say,
"You can beat this"?
Nope.
Or tell me
how much you love me?
No fucking way.
Thank God.
Let's go get tattoos.
You sure your family doesn't
mind if we have sex up here?
We could have sex on the kitchen
table while they eat.
Nobody cares.
That's crazy.
Yeah. This is not
a normal family.
Took me a while
to figure that out.
I love yours.
I love you, too,
I think.
[chuckles]
Really?
I think so.
That's so sweet.
You're the sweetest.
Thanks.
[chuckles]
How am I gonna get dressed
every morning?
You'll have to call me
to come over and help.
- Every day?
- Sure, why not?
What about now?
You ready?
We don't need that.
I'm on the pill.
Okay.
Cool.
Well, the swelling's
going down.
You can just tell people
you got hit by a bus.
Yeah.
Good thinking.
- [grunts]
- Oh, easy.
Yeah.
No, it's--
Something about
intense pain
makes everything else
come into focus.
I bet there's better ways
to get that.
Drugs.
I'm kidding.
[chuckles]
You're acting exactly like
I was acting
when you called me
a chaos junkie
and said you didn't want
to be with me.
Well, I don't doubt it.
Yeah, I appreciate
the patch up.
Um, I'm good.
You can go now.
[scoffs]
No way.
No, seriously.
Thanks for the company.
You're great, but you--
you can't baby-sit me forever.
I wasn't planning
on forever.
How long were you
planning on?
Until I feel like you're
not gonna head
to Maypole and Kilpatrick
the second I leave.
Okay. What if you never
feel like that?
I'm not gonna leave
until I know you're okay.
I'm sorry.
[chuckles]
Fiona, I'm not--not "okay."
[grunts]
I'm never gonna be "okay."
It's a sickness.
It's permanent.
Nod--nod if you understand.
Thank you.
[sighs]
Go home.
[slow somber pop music]
♪ ♪
♪ Through my window ♪
♪ Cold wind blowing ♪
♪ I can't take this ♪
♪ I can't take no more ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Cars they race by ♪
♪ Burning headlights ♪
♪ In the mirror,
I watch myself cry ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Oh ooh ♪
♪ But play me a simple song ♪
♪ So I can sing along ♪
♪ And cherry blossoms
in spring ♪
♪ And they mean everything ♪
♪ Hey hey hey hey ♪
♪ Take me home ♪
Hey.
Hey, man.
How you feeling?
I'm doped up
on a bunch of stuff.
Yeah, it--it could be worse.
Hey, man.
The guy they brought in
before me?
He had his dick chopped off
by his wife in his sleep.
Shit.
So I'd say
I'm doing pretty well.
Comparatively speaking.
Yeah.
How bad's the leg?
It's a clean break.
Doctor said it will heal
in ten weeks.
You know, my mom's coming in
from Texas.
Oh, yeah?
Is she--she freaking out?
Nah.
Broke my other leg
when I was 15.
She's been through it before.
Hey, listen, man, did anybody
come and ask you anything?
Well, the cops came by.
They wanted to know
where I got the drugs.
Right.
I told them your buddy
sold them to me.
- You did?
- Yeah.
What was I supposed to do?
I don't want to go to jail.
You know, they said
he could get 40 to life.
Also, they're arresting
his babies
for not shutting
the fuck up.
- [chuckles]
- Fuck you.
You should have seen
your face.
No, you got me.
Cops here gotta deal
with dickless chumps
and gunshot wounds.
They don't care about some
college idiot who got stoned
and fell out of a window.
Right, right, right.
Thank you.
For what?
Well, you know,
for not ratting us out.
It's all good.
Hey, where I come from,
we got each other's backs.
(both)
♪ We are young ♪
Yeah!
(both)
♪ Heartache to heartache ♪
♪ We stand ♪
Stand!
(both)
♪ No promises no demands ♪
Yeah!
(both)
♪ 'Cause love is
a battlefield ♪
You got fucking trashed
off one beer, bitch.
Yeah, I know.
Finally something good
about this fucking disease.
Holy shit, I just
realized something.
What's up?
We've never actually
been on a real date.
- Bullshit.
- No, I'm serious.
Like, like, a date
where you sit down
and you go
to a nice restaurant
and you put on a nice shirt,
and you, like,
eat with utensils.
- You want to do that?
- Yeah. Why not?
Like at Sizzler's?
- Sure.
- You mean now?
Now before I sober up
and get all fucking weird again.
- Come on.
- All right.
Can I borrow a fucking shirt,
then, please?
Yeah, you can borrow
a shirt.
Good.
(both)
♪ 'Cause love is
a battlefield ♪
♪ Whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa ♪
- Hi, Ian.
- Hey.
- We're going on a date.
- Fuck, yes, we are.
I'm gonna get a steak so rare,
it's gonna scream
when I bite it.
Like...
[both moaning]
Listen, listen, Ian,
I want you to know
you are a really good kid
with a big heart.
You have some hard times
ahead of you,
but you're gonna do great.
Okay.
Gentlemen, this is
Ian Gallagher.
I think they're ready
to take him to jail now.
Why, Sammi?
Get the fuck--
Get the fuck off him.
[grunting]
(Ian)
Get off me,
you son of a bitch!
Fuck.
Don't move.
[groans]
- Behind your back!
- Aah!
- You good?
- Yeah.
Don't move.
You bitch!
Fuck!
[screaming]
(Mickey)
You can't just drag him
out of his fucking house!
- What the fuck is going on?
- He's sick, for fuck's sake!
- Fuck!
- Look! Look!
- Where are you taking him?
- Whoa, hey, hey!
- Just fucking--look!
- Ian!
Tell me where the fuck
you're taking him!
- He didn't do anything!
- Ian!
It's a shame when someone
you love gets taken away,
isn't it?
[rock music]
♪ ♪